(Blog) Building Apps with Dojo (#247)
dojo/site: content/blog/en/building-dojo-app.md

---
title: Building apps with Dojo
date: 2020-11-30T12:00:00.000Z
author: Rene Rubalcava
---

> Dojo provides a one stop shop for building scalable and efficient web applications. It comes with all the basics you need:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dojo provides a one-stop shop for building scalable and efficient web applications. Dojo includes all the basics you need:
```

* Widgets
* Routing
* State Management

> Sometimes when building an app, you might have to mix and match different libraries to get all these features, but when working with a full framework, this is the type of tooling you would expect to get out of the box. It's a tradeoff of flexibility versus versatility. I personally like having everything I need in one place, with room to bring in extra tooling as needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes when building an app, you might need to mix and match different libraries to get all of these features, but when working with a full framework, this tooling is expected out of the box. Sometimes this is a tradeoff between flexibility versus versatility. I personally like having everything I need to get started in one place, with room to bring in extra tooling as needed.
```

Today, we're going to build a coffee shop app, where you can add a type of coffee and customize it for your order. These are some of the key items and features our application will need.

* Home Page
* Menu Page
* Drink Page to customize order
* Add to Cart
* Remove from Cart

Navigating between these pages will require the use of routing and we'll use Dojo state management to handle customizing drink orders.

## Start with state

> I like to start writing my apps by defining interfaces and types. This is why I'm such a huge fan of TypeScript, it let's me take a look at an application at a high level and think about it from a data perspective. Since this is a coffee shop application, we should probably have an interface for our coffee drink.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's start by defining interfaces and types. This is why I'm such a huge fan of TypeScript, it let's me take a look at an application at a high level and think about it from a data perspective. Since this is a coffee shop application, we should probably have an interface for our coffee drink.
```

```ts
// src/interfaces.ts
export interface Drink {
	id: number;
	name: string;
	price: number;
	addins: AddIn[];
	toppings: Toppings[];
	flavors: Flavor[];
	size: Size;
	imageUrl: string;
}

export type AddIn = 'milk' | 'sugar' | 'stevia' | 'honey';
export type Size = 'small' | 'medium' | 'large';
export type Flavor = 'caramel' | 'vanilla' | 'pumpkin' | 'almond';
export type Toppings = 'cinnamon' | 'whipped cream' | 'nuts';

export interface State {
	drinks: Drink[];
}
```

> This let's me define the properties of a coffee drink and it also has options to define the size, flavors, toppings, and addins we want for our coffee drink. We also have a general state interface to provide an array of drinks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This let's us define the properties of a coffee drink and it also has options to define the size, flavors, toppings, and add-ins we want for our coffee drink. We also have a general state interface to provide an array of drinks.
```

	},
	{
		id: 'drink',
		path: '/drink/{id}',
		outlet: 'main',
	}
];
```

We know we're going to have a home page, a menu page, and a page for customizing a drink to add to our order. Telling Dojo to use these routes can be done using the `registerRouterInjector` to inject your routes into the main registry of your application. The Registry can be thought of as the main container for your application.

```tsx
// src/main.tsx
import renderer, { tsx } from '@dojo/framework/core/vdom';
import Registry from '@dojo/framework/core/Registry';
import { registerRouterInjector } from '@dojo/framework/routing/RouterInjector';

import routes from './routes';
import App from './App';

const registry = new Registry();
registerRouterInjector(routes, registry);

const r = renderer(() => <App />);
const domNode = document.getElementById('root');
r.mount({ domNode, registry });
```

## Set up the App

For this application, we're going to take advantage of a variety of widgets from `@dojo/widgets`.

```tsx
// src/App.tsx
import { tsx, create } from '@dojo/framework/core/vdom';
import icache from '@dojo/framework/core/middleware/icache';
import theme from '@dojo/framework/core/middleware/theme';

> import dojo from '@dojo/widgets/theme/dojo';

Reviewer: I find it confusing to call the theme dojo, maybe import dojoTheme?

import Header from '@dojo/widgets/header';

import Outlet from '@dojo/framework/routing/Outlet';
import { Link } from '@dojo/framework/routing/Link';

import Home from './widgets/Home';

import * as css from './App.m.css';

const factory = create({ icache,theme });

export default factory(function App({ middleware: { icache, theme } }) {
	if (!theme.get()) {
		theme.set(dojo);
	}

	return (
		<div classes={[css.root]}>
			<Header sticky>
				{{
					title: 'The Brew Crew',
					actions: [
						<div classes={[css.items]}>
							<Link to="home">Home</Link>
						</div>,
						<div classes={[css.items]}>
							<Link to="menu">Menu</Link>
						</div>,
						<div classes={[css.items]}>
							<a
								href="#"
								onclick={(e) => {
									e.preventDefault();
									icache.set('open', (open) => !open);
								}}
							>
								Cart
							</a>
						</div>,
					],
				}}
			</Header>
			<Outlet id="main">
				{{
					home: <Home />
				}}
			</Outlet>
		</div>
	);
});
```

> The App page is basically our layout page. We're going to the [Header](https://widgets.dojo.io/#widget/header/overview) widget to give us a sticky header, which can be done by providing the `sticky` attribute. The header will contain a title and some actions. These actions are using the `<Link>` widget to route different pages. There's also an anchor tag used to open the shopping cart, which will open a [SlidePane](https://widgets.dojo.io/#widget/slide-pane/overview). We'll get to that later though.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The App page provides our layout. We're using the [Header](https://widgets.dojo.io/#widget/header/overview) widget to give us a sticky header, which can be done by providing the `sticky` attribute. The header will contain a title and some actions. These actions are using the `<Link>` widget to route different pages. There's also an anchor tag used to open the shopping cart, which will open a [SlidePane](https://widgets.dojo.io/#widget/slide-pane/overview). We'll get to that later though.
```

> For now we provide one simple route to `home`, which will display our `<Home>` page, that just shows an image of a coffee shop. In order to display the menu page, we'll need to pull in some data via a Dojo process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For now we provide one simple route to `home`, which will display our `<Home>` page, that just shows an image of a coffee shop. In order to display the menu page, we'll need to include some data via a Dojo process.
```

    }
]
```

This is a simple array of objects we can use to populate the menu page. We can now create a command and process for this.

```ts
// src/processes/drinks.ts
import {
	createProcess,
	createCommandFactory,
} from '@dojo/framework/stores/process';

import { Drink, State } from '../interfaces';

const commandFactory = createCommandFactory<State>();

type DrinkJSON = Pick<Drink, 'id' | 'name' | 'price' | 'imageUrl'>;

// ---------------------
// Commands
// ---------------------

// fetch list of drinks
const fetchDrinksCommand = commandFactory(async ({ state }) => {
	const response = await fetch('/assets/data.json');
	const data: DrinkJSON[] = await response.json();
	const drinks: Drink[] = data.map((x) => ({
		...x,
		addins: [],
		toppings: [],
		flavors: [],
		size: 'small',
	}));
	state.drinks = [...drinks];
});

// ---------------------
// Processes
// ---------------------

export const fetchDrinks = createProcess('fetch-drinks', [fetchDrinksCommand]);
```

Since the source JSON object only has info about the id, name, and price, when we initialize the array of drinks, we can provide some defaults for empty arrays of other properties and a default size.

> ## Widget Integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Widget integration
```

We can create a `drinkStore` middleware to use with our processes in widgets.

```ts
// src/middleware/drinkStore.ts
import createStoreMiddleware from '@dojo/framework/core/middleware/store';
import { State } from '../interfaces';

export default createStoreMiddleware<State>();
```

We can add this to our application to define our menu of items.

```tsx
// src/App.tsx
...
import DrinkList from './widgets/DrinkList';
import Home from './widgets/Home';

import { fetchDrinks } from './processes/drinks';

const factory = create({ icache, store, theme });

export default factory(function App({ middleware: { icache, store, theme } }) {
	if (!theme.get()) {
		theme.set(dojo);
	}

    // use the store to get state
	const { executor, get, path } = store;
	const drinks = get(path('drinks'));

	if (!drinks) {
		executor(fetchDrinks)({});
	}

	return (
		<div classes={[css.root]}>
			<Header sticky>
				{{
					...
				}}
			</Header>
			<Outlet id="main">
				{{
					home: <Home />,
					menu: <DrinkList drinks={drinks} />
				}}
			</Outlet>
		</div>
	);
});
```

> The store middleware is used to get access to the drinks from our external source. The first time the widget renders, drinks will be `undefined` so we can use the `executor` of the store to execute our `fetchDrinks` process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The store middleware gets access to the drinks from our external source. The first time the widget renders, drinks will be `undefined` so we can use the `executor` of the store to execute our `fetchDrinks` process.
```

```ts
// use the store to get state
const { executor, get, path } = store;
const drinks = get(path('drinks'));

if (!drinks) {
    executor(fetchDrinks)({});
}
```

> When the process executes, it will kick of another render of the widget when the `drinks` array is updated. The `drinks` are then passed to our `DrinkList`, via `<DrinkList drinks={drinks} />`. So let's take a look at that next.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the process executes, it kicks off another render of the widget when the `drinks` array gets updated. The `drinks` then get passed to our `DrinkList`, via `<DrinkList drinks={drinks} />`. So let's take a look at that next.
```

## Keep a list

> The `DrinkList` is going to represent our menu page. It will display an image, name, and price for the drinks our customers can choose from. This is accomplished with a list of `<DrinkCard>` widgets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `DrinkList` represents our menu page, displaying an image, name, and price for the drinks our customers can choose. This is accomplished with a list of `<DrinkCard>` widgets.
```

```tsx
// src/widgets/DrinkList.tsx
import { create, tsx } from '@dojo/framework/core/vdom';
import DrinkCard from './DrinkCard';

import { State } from '../interfaces';

import * as css from './styles/DrinkList.m.css';

const factory = create().properties<State>();

export default factory(function DrinkList({ properties }) {
	const { drinks = [] } = properties();
	const elems = drinks.map((drink) => <DrinkCard {...drink} />);

	return <div classes={[css.root]}>{elems}</div>;
});
```

> The `DrinkCard` widget is going to provide a nice preview for our stellar coffee drinks!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `DrinkCard` widget provides a nice preview for our stellar coffee drinks!
```

```tsx
// src/widgets/DrinkCard.tsx
import { create, tsx } from '@dojo/framework/core/vdom';
import Avatar from '@dojo/widgets/avatar';
import Card from '@dojo/widgets/card';
import Label from '@dojo/widgets/label';
import Link from '@dojo/framework/routing/Link';

import { Drink } from '../interfaces';
import * as css from './styles/DrinkCard.m.css';

const factory = create().properties<Drink>();

export default factory(function DrinkCard({ properties }) {
	const { id, name = 'Coffee', price, imageUrl: image } = properties();

	return (
		<div classes={[css.root]}>
			<Card title={name}>
				{{
					content: (
						<div classes={[css.content]}>
							<Avatar
								variant="circle"
								size="large"
								src={image}
							></Avatar>
							<Label>${price.toFixed(2)}</Label>
						</div>
					),
					actionButtons: (
						<Link
							to="drink"
							params={{
								id: `${String(id)}`,
							}}
						>
							Add
						</Link>
					),
				}}
			</Card>
		</div>
	);
});
```

> The `DrinkCard` utilizes some widgets from `@dojo/widgets`. We're going to use the `Card` to wrap the widget. We'll be using the `Avatar` to display a circular shaped image for us. We can then use the `Link` widget from `@dojo/framework/routing/Link` to create an Add button. This will let us route to a specific drink page to customize the drink and add it to our order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `DrinkCard` utilizes some widgets from `@dojo/widgets`. We're going to use the `Card` to wrap the widget. We'll be using the `Avatar` to display a circular shaped image. We can then use the `Link` widget from `@dojo/framework/routing/Link` to create an Add button. This will let us route to a specific drink page to customize the drink and add it to our order.
```

The `DrinkList` is fairly straightforward as it just displays the list of `DrinkCard`.

```tsx
import { create, tsx } from '@dojo/framework/core/vdom';
import DrinkCard from './DrinkCard';

import { State } from '../interfaces';

import * as css from './styles/DrinkList.m.css';

const factory = create().properties<State>();

export default factory(function DrinkList({ properties }) {
	const { drinks = [] } = properties();
	const elems = drinks.map((drink) => <DrinkCard {...drink} />);

	return <div classes={[css.root]}>{elems}</div>;
});
```

This also opens up avenues where we can apply filters to the drinks in the future. Maybe by price, or type of coffee. The filter could be applied in the process or directly in this `DrinkList` widget. Not something to be implemented at the moment, but it's nice to think about future scalability and what's possible.

## Building a Cart

Once a user navigates to a page to customize their drink, we need a way for a use to save their drink to a cart. We need a few things here.

* Initialize a cart
* Add drinks to cart
* Remove drinks from cart

> ### Initialize Cart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Initialize the Cart
```

const commandFactory = createCommandFactory<Cart>();

// ---------------------
// Commands
// ---------------------

const initCartCommand = commandFactory(async ({ state }) => {
	state.drinks = [];
	state.total = 0;
});

// ---------------------
// Processes
// ---------------------

export const initCart = createProcess('init-cart', [initCartCommand]);
```

Here we set up a basic `initCartCommand` that initializes state with an empty array of `drinks` and a `total` price of zero. The `total` is just the total cost of the `drinks` in the cart.

### Add to Cart

```ts
// src/processes/cart.ts

...

// generate ids for drink orders
const genId = () => Math.floor((1 + Math.random()) * 0x10000);

// ---------------------
// Commands
// ---------------------

...

const addToCartCommand = commandFactory<Drink>(async ({ state, payload }) => {
	const drink = { ...payload, id: genId() };
	state.drinks.push(drink);
	const prices = state.drinks.map((x) => x.price);
	state.total = prices.reduce((a, b) => a + b, 0);
});

// ---------------------
// Processes
// ---------------------

export const addToCart = createProcess('add-to-cart', [addToCartCommand]);
```

> For the `addToCardCommand`, we take a `Drink` payload from a widget and we're going to assign a random number as the `id`. We do that with `Math.floor((1 + Math.random()) * 0x10000)`. This is just a poor mans way of generating a larger random number. In a production environment, hopefully you would be using a backend and database to manage this for you. As you can see we add the payload to the `drinks` array and calculate the total price of drinks in the cart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the `addToCardCommand`, we take a `Drink` payload from a widget and we're going to assign a random number as the `id`. We do that with `Math.floor((1 + Math.random()) * 0x10000)`. This is just a quick way of generating a larger random number. In a production environment, hopefully you would be using a backend and database to manage unique identifiers. As you can see we add the payload to the `drinks` array and calculate the total price of drinks in the cart.
```

```ts
const prices = state.drinks.map((x) => x.price);
state.total = prices.reduce((a, b) => a + b, 0);
```

### Remove from Cart

> If we let the user add drinks to their cart, it's a good guess they might want to remove items from the cart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If we let the user add drinks to their cart, they might also want to remove items from the cart.
```

								name="flavors"
								options={[
									{
										value: 'caramel',
										label: 'Caramel',
									},
									{
										value: 'vanilla',
										label: 'Vanilla',
									},
									{
										value: 'pumpkin',
										label: 'Pumpkin',
									},
									{
										value: 'almond',
										label: 'Almond',
									},
								]}
								onValue={(values) => {
									icache.set('flavors', values);
								}}
							>
								{{
									label: 'Flavors',
								}}
							</CheckboxGroup>
						</div>
					),
				}}
			</Card>
			<Card>
				{{
					content: (
						<div classes={[css.content]}>
							<CheckboxGroup
								name="toppings"
								options={[
									{
										value: 'cinnamon',
										label: 'Cinnamon',
									},
									{
										value: 'whipped cream',
										label: 'Whipped Cream',
									},
									{
										value: 'nuts',
										label: 'Nuts',
									},
								]}
								onValue={(values) => {
									icache.set('toppings', values);
								}}
							>
								{{
									label: 'Toppings',
								}}
							</CheckboxGroup>
						</div>
					),
				}}
			</Card>
			...
		</div>
	);
});
```

> This looks like there is more happening here than there really is. We basically have a number of `Card` widgets that wrap a `CheckboxGroup`, which provides a list of options as checkboxes. When you click on a checkbox, the `onValue` method is kicked off and it provides an array of checked `values`. We can use these `values` to update our internal state with `icache`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have a number of `Card` widgets that wrap a `CheckboxGroup`, which provides a list of options as checkboxes. When you click on a checkbox, the `onValue` method is kicked off and it provides an array of checked `values`. We can use these `values` to update our internal state with `icache`.
```

```ts
// per CheckboxGroup
icache.set('addins', values);
icache.set('flavors', values);
icache.set('toppings', values);
```

> The one that varies a bit, is the option to choose the size of the Drink. This is because the Drink size will update the Drink price.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The approacj that varies a bit is the option to choose the size of the Drink. This is because the Drink size will update the Drink price.
```

										label: 'Medium (+ $0.50)',
									},
									{
										value: 'large',
										label: 'Large (+ $1.00)',
									},
								]}
								onValue={(value) => {
									icache.set('size', value);
									switch (value) {
										case 'small':
											icache.set('currentPrice', price);
											break;
										case 'medium':
											icache.set(
												'currentPrice',
												price + 0.5
											);
											break;
										case 'large':
											icache.set(
												'currentPrice',
												price + 1
											);
											break;
									}
								}}
							>
								{{
									label: 'Drink Size',
								}}
							</RadioGroup>
						</div>
					),
				}}
			</Card>
			...
		</div>
	);
});
```

In this case, we use a `RadioGroup` so there is only one option that can be selected at a time. That option will be used to calculate the Drink price.

```ts
icache.set('size', value);
switch (value) {
	case 'small':
		icache.set('currentPrice', price);
		break;
	case 'medium':
		icache.set(
			'currentPrice',
			price + 0.5
		);
		break;
	case 'large':
		icache.set(
			'currentPrice',
			price + 1
		);
		break;
}
```

> Finally, once the user is done customizing their Drink, they need a way to add that drink to the Cart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, once the user is done customizing their Drink, they need to add that drink to the Cart.
```

```tsx
// src/widgets/DrinkPage.tsx

...

export default factory(function DrinkPage({
	middleware: { icache, injector, store },
	properties,
}) {
	...

	return (
		<div classes={[css.root]}>
			...
			<Button
				onClick={() => {
					const size = icache.getOrSet('size', 'small');
					const addins = icache.getOrSet('addins', []);
					const toppings = icache.getOrSet('toppings', []);
					const flavors = icache.getOrSet('flavors', []);
					const currentPrice = icache.getOrSet('currentPrice', price);

					const userDrink: Drink = {
						...drink,
						price: currentPrice,
						size,
						addins,
						toppings,
						flavors,
					};
					add(userDrink);
					if (router) {
						router.setPath('menu');
					}
				}}
			>
				Add to Cart
			</Button>
		</div>
	);
});
```

> Here, we have a `Button` that when clicked is going to create an updated `Drink` object based on the current selections, add that drink to the Cart, and the navigate to the `menu` route.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, we have a `Button` that, when clicked, creates an updated `Drink` object based on the current selections, adds that drink to the Cart, and then navigates to the `menu` route.
```

```tsx
// src/widgets/Cart.tsx
import { create, tsx } from '@dojo/framework/core/vdom';
import store from '../middleware/cartStore';
import { initCart, removeFromCart } from '../processes/cart';

import * as css from './styles/Cart.m.css';

const factory = create({ store });

export default factory(function Cart({ middleware: { store } }) {
	const { executor, get, path } = store;
	const init = executor(initCart);
	const remove = executor(removeFromCart);
	const orders = get(path('drinks'));
	const total = get(path('total')) || 0;
	if (!orders) {
		init({});
	}

	return (
		<div classes={[css.root]}>
			{!orders || !orders.length ? (
				<div>Cart is empty</div>
			) : (
				<div key="drink-orders" classes={[css.content]}>
					{orders.map((x) => (
						<div classes={[css.order]} key={`order-${x.id}`}>
							<div classes={[css.item]}>
								<label>{x.name}</label>
								<label>Size: {x.size}</label>
								<button
									classes={[css.remove]}
									onclick={() => {
										remove(x);
									}}
								>
									Remove
								</button>
							</div>
						</div>
					))}
				</div>
			)}
			<label>Total: ${total.toFixed(2)}</label>
		</div>
	);
});
```

> It's not too fancy, but it's only job is to display the Drinks in the Cart and let the user remove Drinks from the Cart. In this application, the Cart is not its own page, it will be displayed in a `SlidePane` so that it's visible on any page the user is on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's not too fancy, but its only job is to display the Drinks in the Cart and let the user remove Drinks from the Cart. In this application, the Cart is not its own page, it will be displayed in a `SlidePane` so that it's visible on any page.
```

> We can take a look at the `App.tsx` again and see how to use the `SlidePane`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can look at the `App.tsx` again and see how to use the `SlidePane`.
```

```tsx
// src/App.tsx

...

import SlidePane from '@dojo/widgets/slide-pane';

...

export default factory(function App({ middleware: { icache, store, theme } }) {
	...

	return (
		<div classes={[css.root]}>
			...
			<SlidePane
				title="Cart"
				open={icache.getOrSet('open', false)}
				underlay={false}
				align="right"
				onRequestClose={() => {
					icache.set('open', false);
				}}
			>
				<Cart />
			</SlidePane>
		</div>
	);
});
```

The `SlidePane` widget is pretty cool. You can place it at various places on the page and toggle the `open` property to `true` or `false`. No need to overcomplicate it here.

> ## Build It

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Build it
```

    }
  }
}
```

You give the BTR the id of the `root` element in your application, and the rendering engine it should use to build the pages. As you can see, they tried to make it complicated, but just couldn't do it.

_But I need a progressive web app..._

Ok, ok. You don't need to do too much, that can be configured in the `.dojorc` as well.

```json
{
  "extends": "./.dojorc",
  "build-app": {
    "build-time-render": {
      "root": "root",
      "renderer": "jsdom"
    },
    "pwa": {
      "manifest": {
        "name": "The Brew House",
        "short_name": "Brew House",
        "description": "Where Coffee Brews",
        "background_color": "#ffffff",
        "theme_color": "#00704A",
        "icons": [
          {
            "src": "assets/coffee.png",
            "sizes": [
              128,
              256,
              512
            ]
          }
        ]
      },
      "serviceWorker": {
        "clientsClaim": true,
        "routes": [
          {
            "urlPattern": ".*",
            "strategy": "networkFirst",
            "expiration": {
              "maxEntries": 25
            }
          }
        ]
      }
    }
  }
}
```

> You can find more details on configuring for progressive web apps in the [documentation](https://dojo.io/learn/building/progressive-web-applications).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find more details on [configuring for progressive web apps](https://dojo.io/learn/building/progressive-web-applications) in the documentation.
```

Now, we can build our app, deploy our app, and rake in all those coffee dollars!

## Summary

Building apps with Dojo is a great experience. As I mentioned at the beginning of this post, there are a handful of things that are usually needed for an application.

* Widgets or Components
* Routing
* State Management

> Dojo provides a flexible suite of widgets in `@dojo/widgets` that we can pluck from when looking for some specific functionality. It saves a ton of time from writing custom widgets that can better be spent on other features. Creating widgets is also very intuitive. We have local state management with `icache` to manage the basics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dojo provides a flexible suite of widgets in `@dojo/widgets` that we can pluck from when looking for some specific functionality. It saves signifiant time from writing custom widgets that can instead be spent on other features. Creating widgets is also very intuitive. We have local state management with `icache` to manage the basics.
```

Routing with Dojo is really simple too. We can use hash routing or normal routing depending on our preference. The point here is _it just works_.

> State management might be the more involved portion of any application. Dojo lets us create small and focused commands to handle one task at a time. Then we can glue them together as a process and execute them as needed in our widgets. There's no need to overcomplicate it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
State management might be the more involved portion of any application. Dojo lets us create small and focused commands to handle one task at a time. Then we can glue them together as a process and execute them as needed in our widgets!
```

---
title: Building apps with Dojo
date: 2021-03-15T12:00:00.000Z
author: Rene Rubalcava
---

Dojo provides a one-stop shop for building scalable and efficient web applications. Dojo includes all the basics you need:

* Widgets
* Routing
* State Management

> ![Building a Dojo App](assets/blog/building-dojoapp/featured.jpg)

Reviewer 2: @odoe oops missing a dash between dojo and app
```suggestion
![Building a Dojo App](assets/blog/building-dojo-app/featured.jpg)
```
